# PRIVACY POLICY
We, _____ having its registered office at ____ hereinafter referred to as the “Company” (where such expression shall unless repugnant to the context thereof, be deemed to include its respective legal heirs, representatives, administrators, permitted successors and assigns), the creator of this Privacy Policy ensure steady commitment to Your privacy with regard to the protection of your invaluable information. 
This privacy policy contains information about the domain named ______ (“Website”) (hereinafter collectively referred to as the “Platform”).
In order to provide You with Our uninterrupted use of services, we may collect and, in some circumstances, disclose information about you with your permission. To ensure better protection of Your privacy, We provide this notice explaining Our information collection and disclosure policies, and the choices You make about the way Your information is collected and used.  
If you do not agree with the terms and conditions of our Privacy Policy, including in relation to the manner of collection or use of your information, please do not use or access the Site. If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, you should contact our Customer Support Desk at _____. 
ANY CAPITALIZED WORDS USED HENCEFORTH SHALL HAVE THE MEANING ACCORDED TO THEM UNDER THIS AGREEMENT. FURTHER, ALL HEADING USED HEREIN ARE ONLY FOR THE PURPOSE OF ARRANGING THE VARIOUS PROVISIONS OF THE AGREEMENT IN ANY MANNER. NEITHER THE CUSTOMER NOR THE CREATORS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY MAY USE THE HEADING TO INTERPRET THE PROVISIONS CONTAINED WITHIN IT IN ANY MANNER.
1. DEFINITIONS: 
a.	“We”, “Our”, and “Us” shall mean and refer to the Platform and/or the Company, as the context so requires.
b.	“You”, “Your”, “Yourself”, “User”, “Buyer”, “Seller” “Customer” shall mean and refer to natural and legal individuals who use this platform and who is competent to enter into binding contracts, as per Indian laws.
c.	“User” shall refer to ______. 
d.	“Service” refers to the ____ provided by us through the Platform.
e.	 “Third Parties” refer to any Application, company or individual apart from the User and the creator of this Application.
f.	 “Personal Information” shall mean and refer to any personally identifiable information that we may collect from you such as Name, Location, Email Id, Mobile number.
2.  INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We are committed to respecting your online privacy. We further recognize your need for appropriate protection and management of any Personal Information You share with us. We may collect the following information: 
a.	Personal information such as Name, Location, Email Id, Users name, Mobile number etc. We also collect information about your use of our service.  
b.	Tracking Information such as, but not limited to the IP address of your device and Device ID when connected to the Internet. This information may include the URL that you just came from (whether this URL is on the Platform or not), which URL you next go to (whether this URL is on the Platform or not), your computer or device browser information, and other information associated with your interaction with the Website and the application.
c.	 Details of Website usage for analytics.  
This privacy policy also applies to data we collect from Customers who are not registered as members of this site, including, but not limited to, browsing behavior, pages viewed etc. We also collect, and store the personal information provided by you from time to time on the Site. We only collect and use such information from you that we consider necessary for achieving a seamless, efficient and safe experience, customized to your needs including: 
a.	To enable the provision of services opted for by You; 
b.	To communicate necessary account and service related information from time to time; 
c.	To allow You to receive quality customer care services and Data Collection;
d.	To provide, analyze, administer, enhance and personalize Our services and marketing efforts, to process Your registration, Your orders and Your payments, and to communicate with You on these and other topics.
e.	To comply with applicable laws, rules and regulations;
Where any service requested by You involves a third party, such information as is reasonably necessary by the Company to carry out your service request may be shared with such third party. We also do use your contact information to send you offers based on your interests and prior activity. The Company may also use the contact information internally to direct its efforts for service improvement but shall immediately delete all such information upon withdrawal of your consent for the same through the ‘unsubscribe’ button or through an email to be sent to  ______.   
You may from time to time choose to provide payment related financial information (credit card, debit card, bank account details, billing address etc.) on the platform. We are committed to keeping all such sensitive data/information safe at all times and ensure that such data/information is only transacted over secure Site of approved payment gateways which are digitally encrypted and provide the highest possible degree of care available under the technology presently in use. We shall collect and store all such information in our internal Company servers for a finite period of time, as long as you are a Customer of the platform and shall immediately delete all such information upon expiry of your Customer ship. We shall also delete all aforementioned communication upon withdrawal of Customer ship of any single Party to the communication.
The Company will not use your financial information for any purpose other than to complete a transaction with you. To the extent possible, we provide you the option of not divulging any specific information that you wish for us not to collect, store or use. You may also choose not to use a particular service or feature on the Site and opt out of any non-essential communications from the platform. 
Further, transacting over the internet has inherent risks which can only be avoided by you following security practices yourself, such as not revealing account/login related information to any other person and informing our customer care team about any suspicious activity or where your account has/may have been compromised. 
At every stage prior to, during or after information collection, you have the right to access all personally identifiable information provided, rectify or alter all personally identifiable information provided, restrict the level of information to be retained as per your sole discretion and object to the retention, use and potential disclosure of the personally identifiable information. 
3.  OUR USE OF YOUR INFORMATION
The information provided by you shall be used to provide and improve the service for you and all Customers.
a.	For maintaining internal record.
b.	For providing the Services.
c.	For enhancing the Services provided. 
For more details about the nature of such communications, please refer to our Terms of Service. Further, Your personal data and Sensitive Personal data may be collected and stored by Us for internal record. 
We use Your tracking information such as IP addresses, and or Device ID to help identify you and to gather broad demographic information and make further services available to you. 
We use information to provide analyze, administer, enhance and personalize our service and to process Your registration process, Your Orders and Payments etc; 
We will not sell, license or trade Your personal information. We will not share your personal information with others unless they are acting under our instructions or we are required to do so by law. 
Information collected via Our server logs includes Customers' IP addresses and the pages visited; this will be used to manage the web system and troubleshoot problems. We also use third-party analytics, tracking, optimization and targeting tools to understand how Customers engage with our Platform so that we can improve it and cater personalized content/ads according to their preferences.
4. HOW INFORMATION IS COLLECTED
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected. If the same is not identified to you, you have the right to request the Company to elucidate the purpose of collection of said personal information, pending fulfillment of which you shall not be mandated to disclose any information whatsoever. 
We will collect and use your personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us, within the scope of consent of the individual concerned or as required by law. We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes. We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and with the knowledge and consent of the individual concerned. 
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date. 
5. COOKIES
We use data collection devices such as “cookies” on certain pages of our Application (s). “Cookies” are small files sited on your hard drive that assist us in providing customized services. We also offer certain features that are only available through the use of a “cookie”. Cookies can also help us provide information, which is targeted to your interests. Cookies may be used to identify logged in or registered users. Our Application uses session cookies to ensure that you have a good experience. These cookies contain a unique number, your 'session ID', which allows our server to recognize your computer and 'remember' what you've done on the Platform. The benefits of this are:
a.	You only need to log in once if you're navigating secure areas of the site
b.	Our server can distinguish between your computer and other users, so you can 	see the information that you have requested.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies by modifying your browser settings if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the Platform. We also use various third-party cookies for usage, behavioral, analytics and preferences data. The following are the different types of Cookies used on the Platform:
a.	_______

6.  GOOGLE ANALYTICS
____If used_____
7. EXTERNAL LINKS ON THE WEBSITE
The Website may include advertisements, hyperlinks to other websites, applications, content or resources. We have no control over any websites or resources which are provided by companies or persons other than Us. You acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible for the availability of any such external sites or resources, and do not endorse any advertising, services/products or other materials on or available from such platform or resources. You acknowledge and agree that We are not liable for any loss or damage which may be incurred by you as a result of the availability of those external sites or resources, or as a result of any reliance placed by you on the completeness, accuracy or existence of any advertising, products or other materials on, or available from such websites or resources. These external websites and resource providers may have their own privacy policies governing the collection, storage, retention and disclosure of Your Personal Information that You may be subject to. We recommend that you enter the external Website and review their privacy policy.
8.  YOUR RIGHTS
We are providing a service that collects survey responses on behalf of survey Creators. If you have any questions about the survey, or if you want access, update or delete anything in your survey responses, please contact the Company directly. 
Unless subject to an exemption, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data: 
a.	The right to request a copy of your personal data which we hold about you; 
b.	The right to request for any correction to any personal data if it is found to be inaccurate or out of date; 
c.	The right to withdraw Your consent to the processing at any time; 
d.	The right to object to the processing of personal data; 
e.	The right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. 
f.	The right to obtain information as to whether personal data are transferred to a third country or to an international organization.
Where you hold an account with any of our service, you are entitled to a copy of all personal data which we hold in relation to you. You are also entitled to request that we restrict how we use your data in your account when you log in.
9. CONFIDENTIALITY
You further acknowledge that the Platform may contain information which is designated confidential by us and that you shall not disclose such information without our prior written consent. Your information is regarded as confidential and therefore will not be divulged to any third party, unless legally required to do so to the appropriate authorities. We will not sell, share, or rent your personal information to any third party or use your email address for unsolicited mail. Any emails sent by us will only be in connection with the provision of agreed services, and you retain sole discretion to seek for discontinuation of such communications at any point of time. 
10. OTHER INFORMATION COLLECTORS 
Except as otherwise expressly included in this Privacy Policy, this document only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you. To the extent that you disclose your information to other parties, whether they are on our Platform or on other sites throughout the Internet, different rules may apply to their use or disclosure of the information you disclose to them. To the extent that we use third party advertisers, they adhere to their own privacy policies. Since we do not control the privacy policies of third parties, you are subject to ask questions before you disclose your personal information to others. 
11. OUR DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION 
We may host surveys for survey creators for our platform who are the owners and Customers of your survey responses. We do not own or sell your responses. Anything you expressly disclose in your responses will be disclosed to survey creators. Please contact the survey creator directly to better understand how they might share you survey responses.
As a matter of policy, we do not sell or rent any personally identifiable information about you to any third party. However, the following describes some of the ways that your personally identifiable information may be disclosed: 
a.	External Service Providers: There may be a number of services offered by external service providers that help You use Our Platform. If you choose to use these optional services, and in the course of doing so, disclose information to the external service providers, and/or grant them permission to collect information about You, then their use of Your information is governed by their privacy policy.
b.	Law and Order: We cooperate with law enforcement inquiries, as well as other third parties to enforce laws, such as: intellectual property rights, fraud and other rights. We can (and you authorize us to) disclose any information about you to law enforcement and other government officials as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate, in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose us or you to legal liability. 
12.  ACCESSING, REVIEWING AND CHANGING YOUR PROFILE 
Following registration, you can review and change the information you submitted at the stage of registration, except Email ID and mobile number. An option for facilitating such change shall be present on the Platform and such change shall be facilitated by the Customer. If you change any information, we may or may not keep track of your old information. We will not retain in our files information you have requested to remove for certain circumstances, such as to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems and enforce our terms and conditions. Such prior information shall be completely removed from our databases, including stored ‘back up’ systems. If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, or to remove your profile so that others cannot view it, the Customer needs to remediate, and promptly correct any such incorrect information.
13.  CONTROL OF YOUR PASSWORD
When you sign up to become a Member, you will also be asked to choose a password. You are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password. It is important that you protect it against unauthorized access of your account and information by choosing your password carefully and keeping your password and computer secure by signing out after using our services. 
You agree not to use the account, Customer name, email address or password of another Member at any time or to disclose your password to any third party. You are responsible for all actions taken with your login information and password, including fees. If you lose control of your password, you may lose substantial control over your personally identifiable information and may be subject to legally binding actions taken on your behalf. Therefore, if your password has been compromised for any reason, you should immediately change your password. You agree to notify us immediately if you suspect any consistent unauthorized use of your account or access to your password even after changing it.
14. SECURITY
We treat data as an asset that must be protected against loss and unauthorized access. We employ many different security techniques to protect such data from unauthorized access by members inside and outside the Company. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the Personal Information submitted to us and information that we have accessed.
However, as effective as encryption technology is, no security system is impenetrable. Our Company cannot guarantee the security of our database, nor can we guarantee that information you provide won’t be intercepted while being transmitted to the Company over the Internet. 
15. SEVERABILITY 
Each paragraph of this Privacy Policy shall be and remain separate from and independent of and severable from all and any other paragraphs herein except where otherwise expressly indicated or indicated by the context of the agreement. The decision or declaration that one or more of the paragraphs are null and void shall have no effect on the remaining paragraphs of this privacy policy.
16. AMENDMENT 
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time. The most current version of the policy will govern our use of your information and will always be at the Platform. Any amendments to this Policy shall be deemed as accepted by the Customer on their continued use of the Platform. 
17. CONSENT WITHDRAWAL, DATA DOWNLOAD & DATA REMOVAL REQUESTS
To withdraw your consent, or to request the download or delete your data with us for any or all our products & services at any time, please email to ______ from your registered email address number. 
18. CONTACT US 
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this privacy policy, you should contact us by sending an email to please email to _______
Information provided in the website may not be 100% accurate and may be provided for promotional purposes of the business